Push Notifications documentation enhancement (#177)
ably/ably-flutter: PushNotifications.md

}));
```

#### Prioritising messages

> Only use high priority when it requires immediate user attention/ interaction. Use the normal priority (5) otherwise. Messages with priority wake a device from a battery saving state, using more of the user device battery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only use high priority when it requires immediate user attention or interaction. Use the normal priority (5) otherwise. Messages with a high priority wake a device from a battery saving state, which drains the battery even more.
```

- High priority: `'priority': 'high'` inside `push.fcm.android` for Android. `apns-priority: '10'` inside `push.apns.apns-headers` for iOS.

> - Normal priority:  `'priority': 'normal'` inside `push.fcm.android` for Android. `apns-priority: '5'` inside `push.apns.apns-headers` for iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Normal priority: `'priority': 'normal'` inside `push.fcm.android` for Android. `apns-priority: '5'` inside `push.apns.apns-headers` for iOS.
```

Take a look at the example app platform specific code to handle messages. For iOS, this is `AppDelegate.m`, and in Android, it is `PushMessagingService.java`. For further help on implementing the Platform specific message handlers, see "On Android" and "On iOS" sections on [Push Notifications - Device activation and subscription](https://ably.com/documentation/general/push/activate-subscribe).

### Additional considerations and resources

> - For tips on how best to use push messaging on Android, read [Notifying your users with FCM](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2018/09/notifying-your-users-with-fcm.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For tips on how best to use push messaging on Android, read [Notifying your users with FCM](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2018/09/notifying-your-users-with-fcm.html). For example:
```

> - For tips on how best to use push messaging on Android, read [Notifying your users with FCM](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2018/09/notifying-your-users-with-fcm.html). For example:

Reviewer: Are we saying these are best practices (i.e. you _should_ do them) or, as I suspect, tips (i.e. you _could_ do them)? If the latter, then perhaps rephrase to:

```suggestion
- For more tips on using push messaging on Android, read [Notifying your users with FCM](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2018/09/notifying-your-users-with-fcm.html). For example:
```

>   - For example, show a notification to the user as soon as possible without any additional data usage or processing. Perform additional synchronization work asynchronously after that, using [workmanager](https://pub.dev/packages/workmanager). You can also update the notification with a nicer notification, such as with buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Show a notification to the user as soon as possible without any additional data usage or processing. Perform additional synchronization work asynchronously after that, using [workmanager](https://pub.dev/packages/workmanager). You can also update the notification with a nicer notification, such as with buttons.
```

>   - Show a notification to the user as soon as possible without any additional data usage or processing. Perform additional synchronization work asynchronously after that, using [workmanager](https://pub.dev/packages/workmanager). You can also update the notification with a nicer notification, such as with buttons.

Reviewer: Could we say "You can also update the notification to be more visually appealing. For example, displaying buttons to enable the user to interact with it." (Trying to get rid of two occurrences of the word "notification" in the same sentence and also the word "nicer" 😉 )

Author: I've updated that section but avoiding the visually appealing thing, because its not for visual appeal but for more user interaction: 47be1e6c4eb1be3ae8186546130c4cfde82dfaa6

Reviewer: 👍

>   - Avoid background services: As recommended by FCM, Ably Flutter does not instantiate any background services or schedule any jobs on your behalf. Libraries/ applications which do this, for example Firebase Messaging may face `IllegalStateException` exceptions and reduced execution time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Avoid background services: As recommended by FCM, Ably Flutter does not instantiate any background services or schedule any jobs on your behalf. Libraries and applications which do this, for example Firebase Messaging may face `IllegalStateException` exceptions and reduced execution time.
```

>   - Avoid background services: As recommended by FCM, Ably Flutter does not instantiate any background services or schedule any jobs on your behalf. Libraries and applications which do this, for example Firebase Messaging may face `IllegalStateException` exceptions and reduced execution time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Avoid background services: As recommended by FCM, Ably Flutter does not instantiate any background services or schedule any jobs on your behalf. Libraries and applications which do this (such as Firebase Messaging) might trigger `IllegalStateException` exceptions and reduced execution time.
```

Not sure of the context here, so perhaps "trigger" can be replaced by "receive".
May -> might ("may" implies permission, "might" implies possibility)

    }
```

## Debugging applications from launch

> You may want to validate or debug situations where your application is terminated, in the background or in the foreground. 

Reviewer: It's not clear from this sentence whether the validation/debugging happens in the background/foreground, or the terminated application is in the background/foreground. Can we be clearer on this please?

Author: I've tried to clarify it, but it might not be enough, as I don't understand the issue you're facing 😅 92e885349aa218633f04fe69333c90e31e0a09aa

There's some pre-requisite knowledge needed here, that there are 3 states I am referring to: terminated, background and foreground.

Reviewer: Much clearer, thanks!
